Update Wallet Attestation and Add the new flow for Wallet unit Attestation (#869)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-unit-attestation-issuance.rst

..   Sequence Diagram for Wallet App Attestation acquisition

**Step 1**: The User initiates a new operation that necessitates the acquisition of a Wallet Unit Attestation.

**Steps 2-3**: The Wallet Instance MUST:

  1. Verify the existence of Cryptographic Hardware Keys, Key Attestation API, and Device Integrity API. If Cryptographic Hardware Keys do not exist, Wallet Instance re-initialization is required.
  2. Generate an asymmetric key pair to be attested in the Wallet Unit Attestation (``key_pub``, ``key_priv``).
  3. Verify the Wallet Provider's federation membership and retrieve its metadata.

> **Steps 4-6 (Nonce Retrieval)**: The Wallet Instance solicits a ``nonce`` from the :ref:`wallet-provider-endpoint:Wallet Solution Nonce Endpoint` of the Wallet Provider Backend. This ``nonce`` is required to be unpredictable and serves as the main defense against replay attacks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Steps 4-6 (Nonce Retrieval)**: The Wallet Instance requests a ``nonce`` value from the :ref:`wallet-provider-endpoint:Wallet Solution Nonce Endpoint` of the Wallet Provider Backend. The ``nonce`` is required to be unpredictable and serves as the main defense against replay attacks. 
```

> The ``nonce`` MUST be produced in a manner that ensures its single-use within a predetermined time frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``nonce`` MUST ensure single-use within a predetermined time frame.
```

Author: all the comments that are resolved integrated within the PR already.
